Adam Sales MS.

AS: I TRIED TO ADDRESS ALL OF THESE. MADE NOTES *ONLY* WHERE I THOUGHT
IT MIGHT BE USEFUL. NOTES IN CAPS TO DISTINGUISH THEM, NOT CUZ I'M ANGRY

General
Note that superscript note symbols in the text would go outside periods and commas, but inside semicolons and colons.

The text has a lot of space following periods at the ends of
sentences. AS: TOOK OUT DOUBLE+ SPACES AFTER PERIODS

With ranges of years, sometimes you use a hyphen (e.g., 2010-2016),
sometimes an en-dash (e.g., 2010-2016); sometimes you have 2010-16,
sometimes 2010-2016. AS: ALL N-DASH (IF I CAUGHT THEM ALL...)

Sometimes values in the thousands have the comma, sometimes not (e.g.,
5000 vs. 5,000). AS: GAVE THEM COMMAS

Sometimes the p for probability is not italicized; sometimes it is
(e.g., p-value vs. p-value). AS: MADE ALL NON-ITALICIZED

Sometimes MM-estimation is hyphenated, sometimes not. AS: MADE ALL HYPHENATED

Abstract
"the method of this paper assumes"
or, "this paper assumes"
or is it the method presented in this paper?

Maai Text
1. Introduction
Page 2
Paragraph 1:
D. L. Lee "argued" or "has argued"?

Paragraph 2:
"(2010, hereafter LSO)"
or, "(2010; hereafter, LSO)"
(You have used the semicolon thus elsewhere in the text.)

Paragraph 3:
"In Imbens and Lemieux's telling (2008),"
or, "In Imbens and Lemieux's (2008) telling,"
(In APA style, the parenthetical year almost always follows immediately upon the authors' names, even if this seems awkward.)

Page 3. You explain the abbreviation RCT here twice, perhaps because in the first instance it is singular and in the second plural; I think the first instance is enough.
In the last line on this page, I would use the serial comma before "and Section 6." A, B, and C; not A, B and C. (The lack of this comma is Associated Press style for magazines and newspapers. APA recommends that it be used. People actually fight about this...)

1.1. Hurricane Maria
Page 4: Can we assume that one will understand the meaning of "excess death"? at first I didn't understand it, but a bit later, I did.

"(Strong Ignorability, P. Rosenbaum & Rubin, 1983)"
or with semicolon: "(Strong Ignorability; P. Rosenbaum & Rubin, 1983)"

Page 5, first line of text: "it" = what?
line 3: why is exposure in quotes?
end of first paragraph: again, I would use the serial comma after "(2016)," before "or."

1.2 Page 6: insert parenthetical year after "Fisherian"? Or, retain the parenthetical year as is, but change to "(Fisher, 1935)"?

Page 7 line 16: "c.f." should have only one period: "cf." (same issue on p. 38)

Page 7, footnote 2: the parenthetical citations are in square brackets rather than parentheses, and e.g. is italicized.

2. Review of Selected RDD Methods
Page 8: "the method of this paper." Is it the method of this paper, or the method presented in this paper?

2.1. Title (page 9): Should be ANCOVA, not Ancova.

On page 9, is the punctuation around the equation for model 3 correct? Do you need any commas here?

Page 10, first line of text: you have a space after the em-dash (elsewhere you generally do not, which is appropriate).

page 10, lines 2-3. You have a sentence that is missing a verb: "Because of ..., the null distribution of (4) not tractable."

2.1.1. First paragraph, 5 lines up from bottom of page 10: again an em-dash with spaces around it. But this one is tricky, because it follows an equation ending in a 0. Sometimes a semicolon might work instead.

Page 11, last sentence of first paragraph (just before 2.1.2). I think that the construction beginning with that is may be incorrectly punctuated. Perhaps should be "... confidence intervals with better coverage than Wald-type confidence intervals-that is, intervals of form..."

2.1.2. In the first four lines and part of the fifth, the point size of the text appears smaller than in the rest of the paragraph. This seems to happen elsewhere as well; it may be an artefact of conversion to pdf, however.

2.1.2 vs. 2.2 (p. 11). ANCOVA is done in two ways here: ANCOVA vs. ANCOVA.

2.2.3 (p. 13). Two lines up from bottom. A whole comprises its parts; a whole is composed of its parts or consists of its parts. A whole is not comprised of its parts. However, many, many people ignore this semantic distinction. (I would say that "the new target populations comprise subjects for whom ...")
Similarly, on page 16, you have "the variables comprising A." Really this  should be "the variables constituting A" or something similar.

Page 14, three lines from top: "If this text rejects, ..." Is this standard jargon? Normally reject takes an object; one rejects something.

Page 14, second to last line:
"of Cook's distances (1982)."
or, "of Cook's (1982) distances."

3.1 (p. 15). In the first sentence of the first paragraph in this section, residual ignorability is lowercase; elsewhere you have it in title case. Also there is a typo: ignorabilty.

Page 15: "a trend fitter, i.e. a function of ..." This reads well, though APA style wants cf., e.g., i.e., etc. to be used only in parenthetical expressions. AS: LEFT AS IS

Page 16: You have extra leading between the first two lines of text on this page. AS: BECAUSE OF ASSUMPTION ENVIRONMENT; LEFT AS IS

Page 17: The two em-dashes here have spaces around them; elsewhere you usually do not surround them with spaces.

Page 18, line 8: you have a series of three equations here, without the serial comma before and. In line 9, you have a comma that I think may be unnecessary.

3.4 Line 2 (p. 18): you have a parenthesis here that lacks the space before it: "... YC|R)such ..."

Page 19: The t in t-test is italicized, not so in t-ratio and t-statistic. AS: ITALICIZED THEM ALL (in JEBS there's typically no hyphen, but I found an example where there was one)

Section 4: The term grade point average is spelled on first use; GPA after that. Is this intentional? (The abbreviation GPA was introduced on page 1 of the document and has been used since.)

Page 20: You have extra spaces around the two em-dashes here.

4.1 Page 21, first line: "grade-points" or "grade points"?

Page 21, bottom: "that is setting." you could do this with em-dashes, thus: "In any event, after removing the R = 0  subgroup-that is, setting . . . {i : Ri = 0}-the McCrary procedure narrowly avoids rejecting ..."

Last line on page 21: p=0.15. Needs spaces around the equals sign.

4.2 Page 22, five lines from bottom: "first year GPA." Needs hyphen: "first-year GPA."

Tables on page 23:
Would it be better to have the four row heads in column 1 left flush, with the column head centered above them?
Italicize and center n over column 5 in both tables.
In both tables, center the column of values under "Estimate."
AS: KEPT COLUMN 1 FLUSH RIGHT, CENTERED ALL OTHER COLUMNS; DIDN'T
CHANGE CODE--ONLY .tex FILES--IF RE-RUNNING ANALYSIS THESE CHANGES
WILL BE UNDONE (UPDATE: CHANGED CODE BUT DIDN'T RUN IT--IT'LL
*PROBABLY* WORK)


4.3 Page 23, paragraph below Table 2: R <1.25 and R <0.18. Add space
after the "less than" symbols? AS: NAH
Same paragraph, line 2: "only including observations with." Should be "including only observations with."
Same paragraph line 4: "while" or "whereas"?

Page 24: an em-dash in line 5 has spaces around it.
Line 7: the probability equation needs spaces around the equals sign.
Line 12: t-distribution; the t  is not italicized.
Lien 15: The series comma should be added after (2017), before and.

Page 25, next to last line above Section 5: "a similar point estimate as the permutational approach." Should be "a similar point estimate as does the permutational approach." Or, edit it differently (e.g., "a point estimate similar to that obtained with the permutational approach"). "Similar as" cannot link nouns, as the text seems to imply.
AS: ADDED "DOES"

5.1, first paragraph, line 2 (p. 25): why the comma after local-OLS?
Same paragraph, line 3: add space between "Uniform" and parenthesis?
Also, the three items listed here (lines 3-4) are not parallel, which
makes the reader stumble: the running variable was distributed as
Uniform, the cutoff was, and control potential outcome as. AS:
EDITED. TOOK OUT C=0 CUZ THAT'S IMPLIED IN THE REST OF THE PAPER.

Same paragraph, line 10: comma after the first instance of i.e.? AS:
RE-WROTE HERE A BIT

Page 25, 6 lines from bottom: hyphenate "data generating"?-"a linear data-generating model." (Likewise in caption to Figure 4?)
Page 25, 4 lines from bottom: comma after "in our scenario"?

Page 26, line 2 of paragraph at bottom of page: comma after "however"?
Page 26, last sentence. You have a problematic comparison here, with two instances of than: to fix, remove the last comma, the one that follows t3.

Table 4 (page 27): Column head and row heads in column 1 should be left flush. Column 2 head should be centered if it refers to the secondary row heads below it, and row heads in column 2 should be left flush within that column. But apparently the column 2 head refers to the numerals to its right across the top of the table? if so, this arrangement is problematic, because column heads should refer only to what is below them. The column head in the rightmost column should be centered.

Page 28, line 6: I don't think M-estimates should have an apostrophe. "those of" already expresses this meaning.

Last sentence before 6 Discussion: this could use a comma after "under non-linear DGMS." But at the end of the sentence, what imposed little penalty? You need a subject here. Perhaps: "under linear DGMs including higher-degree terms, the limitless method imposed little penalty."

References and citations
There are various issues in the references and citations; here are a few:

As I mentioned, I noticed that for some authors, e.g., Cox and Rubin, you include initials in the text, presumably because the references have both C. Cox and D. R. Cox and D. Rubin and D. B. Rubin. If all these refer to only one Cox and one Rubin, a simpler style would be to add the missing initial with square brackets in the references and avoid including initials in the text; the references would thus have D. [R.] Cox and D. [B.] Rubin in those instances. This would be strict APA style. (This issue also occurs for Imbens [G. vs. G. W.], Lee [D. vs. D. S.], Rosenbaum [P. vs. P. R.], and Stefanski [L. vs. L. A.].)

You have one reference as Li, F., Mattei, A., Mealli, R., et al., and you cite it thus in the text. APA style would not do it this way. In APA style, up to seven author names are given in the references. If more than seven, six are listed, followed by three ellipsis dots, followed by the last author's name. Within the text, works with six or more authors are cited as et al. right from the start.

The following journal titles in the references are not always in title case: Journal of econometrics instead of Journal of Econometrics, Statistics in medicine instead of Statistics in Medicine. See Baiocchi et al.; MacKinnon & White; Rubin (2007).

Freedman: Some of the words in the article title should be in lowercase, and the period should be inside the quotation mark.
Hansen & Sales: the proper name within the title should be capitalized (William G. Cochran).
Huber: the symposium title should be capitalized.
Lin (2013b): you repeat doi: as "doi: DOI:" Indeed why include doi's at all if you have them in so few instances?
Boos vs. Freedman vs. Little vs. Long & Ervin vs. Stefanski & Boos: Is this journal titled American Statistician or The American Statistician?
Santos-Lozada & Howard: JAMA, not Jama.










