
Title: Limitless regression discontinuity

Abstract:

In a regression discontinuity design (RDD), assignment to treatment
versus a control condition is determined by the value of a particular
baseline variable, $R$. In one recent RDD, $R$ is the average of a
student's grades in his first year at university; the treatment
condition is academic probation, forced upon a student if his $R$
falls below a threshold; and downstream effects of the academic
probation regime are estimated with ordinary least squares.  The RDD
setup can be used to estimate deaths attributable to a natural
disaster, for example Hurricane Maria, by contrast of mortality
series before and after the catastrophic event.

Some recent RDD methods contrast limits of $\mathrm{E}(Y|R=r)$ as $r$
approaches a cut-point, $c$, from either side; this conceptualization
is ill suited to natural disaster applications, where it is necessary
to estimate excess mortality over specific periods of non-negligible
duration. Other RDD methodology avoids passing to limits by supposing
that in sufficiently narrow neighborhoods of the threshold, there is
random assignment.  Both frameworks are difficult to reconcile with
examples such as the academic probation study, where
running-variable-manipulation tests find the experimental analogy to
be at its weakest in the immediate vicinity of the cut-point.

"Limitless regression discontinuity" avoids these limitations by
formulating a relaxed variant of the classical RDD model within the
Neyman-Rubin causal framework, then estimating that model with the help of
M-estimators of regression enjoying certain specific robustness
properties.  The model is equally comfortable with discrete and
continuous running variables; the method is straightforward to
implement, at least in R or Stata.  It is uniquely equipped to meet a
significant, somewhat misunderstood threat associating with sample
contamination, and it appears to remedy in dramatic fashion a known
vulnerability of the classical approach, in realistic scenarios
reducing those methods' RMSEs by factors upwards of 100.

This is joint work with Adam C. Sales, University of Texas-Austin

